hey it says Val from the diet solution
program calm and in the video before
this one I explained how bad high
fructose corn syrup is for your health
and how it may be hindering your weight
loss efforts so what I want to show you
today is exactly how you can find high
fructose corn syrup in the grocery store
and in your cupboards now one question I
always get is why do manufacturers put
high fructose corn syrup in my food
instead of sugar it's much much cheaper
for them to use this chemical high
fructose corn syrup than natural sugar
so actually their food items will be a
little bit cheaper but you're the one
that suffers so the number one place
most people are getting their high
fructose corn syrup is in soda now the
ingredients list on this coke is
carbonated water high fructose corn
syrup so the second ingredient in here
is high fructose corn syrup and there
are 40 grams of sugar in this one can of
coke which is the equivalent of 10
teaspoons of sugar so imagine putting 10
teaspoons of sugar in a cup adding some
water and then drinking that or even
worse giving that to your kids
now speaking of kids I see a lot of kids
drinking Gatorade
well there's high fructose corn syrup in
Gatorade it also happens to be blue and
I don't know about you but I'm not
drinking anything with toxic blue in it
so if you're giving your children
Gatorade or you're having Gatorade
yourself and you think it's actually
healthier than soda you're wrong because
there's high fructose corn syrup in here
now here are a couple real shockers that
really shocked a lot of my clients and a
lot of my readers Raisin Bran high
fructose corn syrup in here and a lot of
people think it's a healthy cereal it
really isn't it's got a lot of high
fructose corn syrup in it and it's just
way way too sweet
another real shocker 100% whole wheat
Wonder bread has high fructose corn
syrup in it okay here's another shocker
like yo
has high-fructose corn syrup in it Ritz
crackers jelly the list goes on and on
and on so the only way that you're going
to not eat this toxic substance is by
reading the ingredients not just the
nutrition label you've got to read the
ingredients list on all the foods that
you're eating now if you're eating foods
that are absolutely natural they're not
going to have these chemicals in it now
you know some of these are like a yogurt
is a snap now what would I have is a
snack I would have organic walnuts
organic fruit mix I'm going to read the
ingredients off of these organic walnuts
ingredients organic walnuts that's it no
chemicals no additives no sugar no high
fructose corn syrup same thing with this
fruit mix Organic mango organic apricots
organic prunes organic apples when you
buy things that are totally natural
they're not going to have chemicals
added to them so most important is read
the ingredients read your nutrition
labels this is Val from the diet
solution program com visit my website
today to start putting together your own
healthy meal plans and losing weight
right away